The Beginning:	This story is the origin of many of today's mythos. But, more importantly, it is the story 
of the first known Nomad and Pokémon Trainer. A long time ago, the Physical and Spiritual Worlds were 
blended, and in chaos. The giant Guardian Turtles, known as the Kwei, protected mankind by allowing 
them to build Communities on their backs. The Kwei were separated by a large expanse known only as 
the Spirit Wilds, so that each community thought they were the only one in existence (the Kwei, in their 
wisdom, saw no reason to correct them). Most of the Kwei had the ability to use and Bestow one of the 
elemental powers: Fire, Water, Air, and Earth. The rest, instead, could Bestow an amplification of the 
Life Breath (which is itself subdivided into two manifestations: Internal and Channeled). When a party 
needed to leave the Community to hunt or gather resources, the Kwei would share their power with the 
hunters’ companion animals so they could protect the group (Man, as beings already belonging in part 
to both worlds, were incapable of accepting the Kwei’s gift).  
       The bestowal of power gave the animals a stake in the Spiritual World in addition to the 
Physical, like Men. This commonality fostered an indescribably deep bond between Hunter and 
Companion, but the Kwei would not let a Hunting Party re-enter the Community until the Bestowal was 
reversed. Some wise and experienced Hunters saw the potential, and joy, in this lost bond. So they 
spent much of their free time outside of their Communities, exploring the limits of the Bond. But the 
Huntress Minerva, who’s Community was built on a Kwei with dominion over the [Channeled] Life 
Breath, valued the Bond with her Companion (whom she had named Arceus) so much that she refused 
to let his powers be taken. So she snuck Arceus back into the Community. Minerva brought him to her 
home, and they worked day and night. People began to take notice of her distant behavior while in 
public, and wondered why such a talented Huntress would stop volunteering to venture out into the 
Wilds. Suspicions were raised, and an influential member of the Community took advantage of them to 
organize an invasion of her home. Nothing is known about what happened during this intrusion except 
that finding Minerva's Companion somehow resulted in the collapse of her home. The Kwei banished 
her and her Companion to the Spirit Wilds for betraying his trust, but allowed Arceus to have the full 
scope of power he could Bestow. So she left, and their training proved useful. They wandered the Spirit 
Wilds, and eventually found another Kwei, and another Community. After speaking to the Kwei, who 
had dominion over the powers of Earth, Minerva learned that there were hundreds, maybe even 
thousands of Kwei-and their Communities-all over the world, and each Kwei could bestow one of six 
powers. 
       Minerva resolved to travel the Spirit Wilds and find other Kwei, so that she could build a team of 
Companion Animals. Before she left, the Community gave her a Companion to inbue with the powers of 
Earth, and the Earth Kwei himself gave her six stones, explaining that each could house a Companion 
and they could be released when the time was right (this would allow Minerva to move through the 
Wilds with ease and in relative silence, while still enabling her to call out the help she needed at any 
moment). It is in honor of Minerva that Trainers today carry only six Pokeballs containing Pokemon at a 
time.
       Minerva traveled the Spirit Wilds, developed her team, and shared her stories with other 
Communities. When others saw that it was actually possible to live in the Wilds [with Companion 
Animals], many decided to try it themselves. These brave souls sought to distinguish Minerva's team 
from their own  Companion Animals by dubbing them "The Pocket Monsters", in reference to the Stones 
Minerva used to summon them.
       But these "Nomadic Hunters” were not all as benevolent as Minerva. They were scared of the 
Spirits, and out of that fear came aggression. They abused the protection of their Companion Animals 
and waged war on all the Spirits, we know this today as The War of Worlds. 
       Minerva and the Kwei saw this destruction and sought to stop it... So those who were able came 
together and separated the two worlds, except at a few key places where they were so intertwined that 
separating them would ruin both. It is said that, while a few Kwei still roam the two worlds protecting 
the balance, the rest to this day still guard the places the Worlds intersect. And it is from these 
intersections that the most powerful Pokemon come.
       The War of Worlds:  Minerva lived for years among the Wild Animals and Spirits in peace, but 
the Nomadic Hunters, with some exceptions, did not understand their ways. And--as it often does--
ignorance became fear, and fear became intolerance. Intolerance begot aggression, and the Spirits 
responded in kind. Minerva did what she could to calm the two sides, but they wouldn't listen to her. 
Fights led to deaths, deaths increased fear, and collective fear forced organization. It was a series of 
escalating events on a scale far too large for Minerva to ever have hoped to stop it on her own. The 
Wilds were in discord before, but it was a sort of creative discord, whereas this new, oppositional way of 
life was simply destructive. Minerva spoke with dozens of the Kwei, hoping for a simple answer to this 
insurmountable problem.  Eventually, a Fire Kwei, named Leo, told her to speak with Uriquus, a wise 
serpent-like Spirit who lived on Leo's back, and was cared for by the Community there. 
       By the time Minerva found Leo and Uriquus, the War of Worlds had already caused massive 
casualties, and the sides were irreversibly committed to claiming the Wilds for themselves. So Uriquus 
made an extreme decision: he told Minerva that she must spread news to the other Kwei... that they 
must separate the worlds. Clearly, neither she nor the Kwei had ever done this before, and she said as 
much to Uriquus. In response, he asked to have something of hers. She gave him her spear, and he 
imbued it with the knowledge of everything they would need to know (in a process not unlike that the 
Earth Kwei used to make the Stones).
       So Minerva continued onward, spreading Uriquus's plan to the Kwei, using the spear to impart 
the knowledge needed to bring it to fruition; and the Kwei passed the plan on to others. The Kwei that 
no longer housed Communities, which by now were about as numerous as those that did, gathered at 
five necessary intersections of the soon-to-be separated Worlds as soon as possible and began The 
Division.
       It was a long process, and left the Kwei exhausted and vulnerable. After a few days, attacks were 
waged on the first, second, and fifth locations that ruined all of the Kwei's progress, and so Uriquus 
called Minerva back to him through her spear (she had not known until then that he had done more 
than simply store knowledge in it). 
       Minerva found Uriquus with the Kwei at the second Intersection, located somewhere in what is 
now Samoht. Uriquus needed someone trustworthy to protect the Intersections from future attacks, 
and reveal and disband whomever was behind them in the first place. Of course, Minerva couldn't be 
expected to defend all five Intersections and break up this mysterious opposition. 
       Uriquus had the power of Bestowal,like the Kwei, and his plan was to amplify the powers of five 
of the Pocket Monsters, and send each of them to one of the Intersections [the Five would be 
recognized today as Celbi, Mew, Groudon, Kyogre, and Rayquaza]. 
       But Uriquus had special plans for Arceus. With the help of seventeen Kwei, Uriquus Bestowed 
upon Arceus all the combined powers that they could give, including the power of Bestowal. Because his 
body was not yet strong enough to contain all of that energy, each of the Kwei gave Arceus one of their 
scales, from which he could draw out their Power. Arceus was then charged with the task of protecting 
the balance, and that started with finding the attackers. And the rest is history: 
       The Five protected the Kwei for twenty-three days, until the Worlds were separated.
        Minerva and Arceus never found the leaders of the attacking force, but through prisoner 
interrogations revealed that they belonged to an order called "The Huntsmen". 
       Arceus single-handedly fought off hundreds of Huntsmen and their Companion Animals in The 
Battle of the Last Day (the final attempt of the Huntsmen to capture the second Intersection and stop 
the Division).
       The worlds were successfully divided, although still connected at the five Intersections, and the 
Worlds are still at peace. 
       It is said that some people may still live in Kwei Communities, in the Spirit World. 
       To maintain balance in the Physical World, Arceus gave Mew the power of Bestowal. Together 
with the Kwei, they gave Power to all the Physical World's creatures, so that none were disadvantaged 
in the new world order. (As a result, these Wild Animals could now be Bonded with, but this was 
commonly done only by a secluded fraternity of men and women called Tamers. This is because creating 
the initial Bond required tremendous power of will, to break through the spiritual barriers Wild Animals 
possess.)
       The World Now: It has been nearly a millennia since the Division, and Mankind has long 
forgotten it and the World that preceded it. All, that is, except the Huntsmen, an order dedicated to 
uniting the Worlds as they once were, and letting Man and Spirit destroy each other. But this is only a 
means to an end, their real goal is to claim the Old World, the Spirit Wilds, for themselves. Unbeknownst 
to the rest of the World, the Huntsmen have slowly been absorbing political influence in all regions of 
the globe, because wealth, power, and knowledge are their only hope of success. Now, on the verge of 
finding the last of the Intersections, in the region known as Samoht, they plan to send a powerful class 
of Pokemon Trainers out to police the city-states loyal to the political powers that be (and an even more 
powerful militia to take control of those that don't).
       
       Oliver Leroux (You): Oliver Leroux is a young man belonging to a long line of aristocrats in 
Amberton. Their philanthropy is known throughout the region, and the Leroux name carries great 
weight in all circles. As a member of high society, Oliver was privelaged with a supurb education, and all 
the skills to one day be a leader of Amberton, and perhaps all of Samoht. Oliver's grooming for 
leadership has made him a greatly skilled Trainer, philosopher, and Tamer. It is tradition that members 
of the Leroux family go out and Tame their first Pokémon, but this doesn't make one exceptional (some 
Pokémon are rather easily Tamed). Oliver's experience of his family's tradition is exceptional in that his 
Pokémon is unique, and is therefore only known by the name he gave it. 
       When he was still little, Oliver and his father went out to hunt. Oliver was meant only to watch, 
and learn, but something strange happened. Oliver's father knew the forests well, but somehow he lost 
his bearings. It seemed that no matter what way they went, they always came back to the same 
clearing. And they seemed to hear all the evidence of life, but saw no fauna. Until, that is, a strange, 
reptilian Pokémon appeared from the forest. Oliver's father called out a Venusaur, a Pigeot, and a 
Blastoise. But the strange Pokémon didn't react. It looked at each Pokémon in turn, then at Oliver's 
father, and then at Oliver himself. Then it bowed, never moving its gaze from Oliver. And he knew, 
somehow they were already Bound together. It was as if this creature had been molded just for him. 
       Oliver approached, laid his hand on its head, and it laid on its side (a show of trust). Oliver 
walked around it and placed his head on its underbelly. They stayed like this for what seemed to them 
like an eternity, but in reality was only a few minutes. Oliver got up, and went back to his father, the 
beast's gaze never leaving him. His father called back his Pokémon, seeing that there was no danger 
here. The creature approached them, then passed by and moved to the edge of the clearing. It looked 
back at Oliver, and continued into the forest, Oliver following close behind, and his father after him. The 
beast led them back to Amberton, and stayed with Oliver, and he named the beast Leviathan.
       
      The Story
     Act 1:
       Scene 1:
        A group of bandits entered Amberton, an independent city-state, and took over the Square (the 
city's central hub and seat of its political forces). Oliver, as one of the city's elite, felt obligated to take 
action. So he fought his way through to the Republic Building, getting inside to take down whoever was 
causing this discord. He and Leviathan cleared a path into the basement, only to be stopped by a man 
who referred to himself simply as ”the Captain.” They battled, but Leviathan was no match for the 
Captain's Mew. The Captain then had Mew knock Oliver out cold. The Captain then took Leviathan, 
Oliver was then dragged out to the forests and left for dead. 
       Scene 2:
       Celbi appeared out of the forest and approached Oliver, and teleported him to the doctor's 
quarters in Bedrock. Oliver woke up to see the beautiful Nurse Joy. To check his coherence, she asked 
him his gender, name, and where he was born. He was a little foggy, but managed to answer just fine.
       Joy then explained that a bright, purple light had flashed in the reception chamber, and he was 
just... there. Lying on the floor. Oliver asked if Leviathan was OK, to which Joy replied that he had arrived 
alone. After Oliver calmed down, he considered his situation: He had to find Leviathan, and his only lead 
was the mysterious Captain. But he was alone and defenseless against those bandits. He needed help. 
       Just then, Belle burst through the door, panicked as usual. After putting Oliver through a few 
hoops of her own to prove he was "all there", she yelled at him for his stupidity and explained what he 
couldn't remember (which apparently was quite a bit). He explained his situation to Belle, and she 
recommended he go see her Uncle Tom, who lived on Destiny Island. Surely if she asked politely her 
Uncle would help him (her Uncle was a Pokémon collector and Tamer, and as such probably had a few 
he could spare). If Oliver could at least get one Pokémon, then he wouldn't be totally defenseless...
       Scene 3:
       They took a ship from Bedrock to Destiny Island, and Belle led the way to her Uncle's house. She 
had Oliver wait outside a moment while she went in and spoke with her Uncle. She returned a few 
minutes later and told him he could enter. So he did.
       Tom Hart had heard plenty about the somewhat infamous Oliver Leroux. He knew Oliver had a 
reputation for shirking his responsibilities, despite his obvious talent. And he knew Oliver had had more 
than a few run-ins with the Amberton task force. But he also knew that Oliver was a natural Tamer; he 
had heard the stories about how he and Leviathan had met, just as most of the region had. So he told 
Oliver to sit in the middle of the room and concentrate on what he desired most.
       When he opened his eyes, 3 pokemon were in the room: a Golem, a Milotic, and an Ampharos. 
Hart told him that the spirits of these three are in rhythm with his, and whichever he bonds with will aid 
him on his journey. But he must only choose one. He placed his hand on each of their heads, then went 
back to Ampharos. He knew, this was the one that would help him find Leviathan; he could sense that 
their spirits really were in tune with one another.
       Before letting him leave, Hart gave Oliver some Capsules and some seed money (he could hide 
his Pokémon in the Capsules so he could move about without suspicion; and he needed the seed money 
because he shouldn't access his family's bank account). Hart also gave Oliver an egg, saying that he 
"didn't know where it came from, but it was better off with someone who would travel.”
       Oliver left then, sure Tom Hart knew more than he was telling. He found Belle, and they took 
the first ship back to Bedrock. Just minutes after they got off the ship, they were met by bandits, and 
they appeared to be of the same organization that took over Amberton...
       Oliver and Belle fought their way through a barrage of bandits and fled the town. As they ran, 
the shouts and promises of the bandits that they would find and kill Oliver chased them on the wind. 
[Blackout]
       Scene 4:
       Oliver and Belle decided to lie low in a bar in Baskerville. 
